The entire car was burnt.  Everything got burnt.  There is nothing
left in it.  Engine
[MUSIC] The
car has been brought to Skoda.
Hello guys, hope you all are
well.  So after seeing the thumbnail of this video
you must have understood what has happened.  So
my Skoda Octavia caught fire.
I will tell you the full reason for this.  So
I am uploading this video after a long time.  I had
shot some parts of it.  But because
this car has served me for so many years and
if something stays with you for so many years, then
you also get emotionally attached to it.
So I was not able to post this video.
But still I wanted you
people to know what is the claim procedure if the car catches fire.
What formalities are there?
Police report and fire station
report are also involved in this.  So
how do we apply for it,
I will tell you all this in this video.
And especially if your vehicle
is also insured with ICICI Lombard or you are thinking of getting your
vehicle insured with ICICI Lombard,
then
definitely watch this video.  So let's get started.   What
happened was that a few days ago I was starting
my car at around 5:00 in the morning to go to the temple.
But
I tried the car two-three times but it did
not start.  I thought its battery was low.  So
I locked the car and went back inside the house.
After 10 to 15 minutes, my
neighbours told me that your car was on fire.
When I came out and looked, I saw a
small fire coming out of the car from the grill side and from between the fender and the bonnet.  I didn't understand anything.
I quickly took soil and
water and started throwing it into it.  I rang the doorbells
of all the neighbours who were nearby
and brought them all out.
So what was the issue in this?  The car was
parked here.  Just near it, my
Jalo was parked and then the Innova was
parked.  I had three cars in a row.
So first of all we removed the car which was parked in the middle.
There should
not be any fire in one or two or two or three vehicles.  After
doing this, we immediately called 100 number.
After calling on number 100, the
police also arrived after some time.  The fire
brigade had also arrived.  And we neighbors
also tried to extinguish the fire.  Its
bonnet was not opening.  So we broke its grill.
We even tried to break its headlight.
You can see its
marking but its headlight is not broken.  Then
we broke its grill and
broke the lock of the bonnet from above.  After breaking the lock,
we opened its bonnet and found that it was completely on
fire.  So we tried to extinguish this.  The
fire brigade also arrived
and brought the fire under control.  But by then
it had completely burnt.  Then the main
reason for the fire spreading was that the
entire cloth that came over it caught fire quickly, there was
a spark and it caught it and
slowly melted as you can see, the
entire cloth that comes
under the bonnet kept melting and falling on it
and the fire kept increasing.
We had extinguished the fire but by then the
damage had increased considerably.  Then
I called an insurance broker
and he said that you
can submit its claim through ICICI app.  So with
their help I raised the claim request the
same day and the next day I got a call
and they said that you will get a
call from some Garaat and you should explain the whole situation to him.
I explained it.  After that I was
assigned as Claims Manager.  The claim manager
told me to
take the car to the nearest Skoda workshop as soon as possible
and get an estimate made there.  So then
we took this car to Skoda's workshop.
We have just called a car to take it to Skoda's
workshop because
one of the tyres is completely jammed and is
not working.
So now we will tow it and take it to Skoda's
workshop.
[Music]
So we have just arrived at the Skoda workshop which is
in Jhotwara, Jaipur, so we have just
informed inside as well.  So I am
coming to inspect the car right now.  The vehicle is being thoroughly
inspected.
So guys, I'm going to the police
station right now.  To get a copy of the FIR from the police.  So
what basically happens in such cases?
Because I called on number 100.   At
that time both police and fire brigade had arrived.
So there is a procedure for this.
We have to give the police report to the insurance company.
So for that I had written an application
in the police station and
a policeman from the police station came and did complete verification of the vehicle and went
back home and just now
I got a call that my report
is ready.  So I'll pick that up now.  Then
after that I also got a call from Skoda that
my estimate is ready.  After that we will
go to Skoda and check the estimate from Skoda and
then we will connect back with our ICI to
LBD claim manager and then we will see what happens
next.  2 Hours Later So
I have collected the report from Guys Police Station
and I have also
collected the estimate from Skoda.  So a report
is received in which all the details are written.
Apart from this, this is the estimate of Skoda
which was given to me by Skoda.  So in this, the
parts billing done by them
is
₹186000 and labour ₹
14250, so if I total everything then
they have
given me an estimate of ₹13,22,000 and
taxes will be additional to this.  So guys Skoda has
said that if you
do not get the car repaired here then you will have to pay parking charges per day
and because they have
given an estimate of about 13 to 14 lakhs then the
car will be in overall total loss because the
insured value of the car is
425000 and the estimate they have given is of
about 14 lakhs, so I
spoke to the claim manager, the claim manager said
that ok you take the car home and
whatever further formalities or
survey is there, they will get it conducted at my home itself.
So for now I have called Kan.  The car
is coming and then we will take the car and
take it back home.  So guys,
we've brought the car back home
[music].
So guys like this - the apple guys are playing a different game.  The
first
claim manager they assigned me was
Prakash P Jangid.  Within a short time,
he changed the claim manager to
Bhinwa Kumawat.  Then after some time, the
claim manager they assigned me
was Kamlesh Parik, with whom I spoke that
Skoda is saying that parking charges will be applicable, then
he told me that okay, you
can take it home and I will get the other formalities
connected at home.
Then after this the claim manager was changed again
and after that the claim manager I have
is Nitesh Ukhadia who
told me that why did you bring the car from the workshop,
its survey was to be done at the workshop itself, so this
is the service of ICICI LBA who are
harassing the customers again and again by
changing the manager for four times in a single day.
I got a call from a Nexis forensic company two or three days after I brought it back from the Skoda workshop.
He said
that he was speaking on behalf of ICICI Lo LBA.  Then
he said that someone from his company would
come and inspect the vehicle thoroughly.
So then I said okay
because what happens is that many times people
misuse these insurance policies.
So the next day,
an
investigation officer from Nexis company came on behalf of ICICI Lombard and
started inspecting the vehicle.  So it's
10 in the morning and their
investigation officer from Nexus has arrived and is
checking the car thoroughly
[music].
Now he has been
trying to open the stereo forcefully for a long time but it is
not opening.  Of course the company
installs it in a perfect way so that
it does not open easily.
Where is the Two Hours Later book?  Now they are collecting some samples from the vehicle.
Maybe they
will check them thoroughly.
[Music]
So the
investigation officer from the Nexus Phenix company was
not professional at all.
He had no knowledge of the car.  Ok
?  He is asking me whose wire is this
?  I always maintain that wire for someone.  I
keep it clean.  So he said this
light looks very new.  Have you got it
installed after market?  No, this
is original.  He said that the music system is also absolutely
original.  He said, I will get its speaker etc.
opened and check it.  Ever since I bought the car,
everything in it has been company fitted.
I have not added any accessories to it.  He
asks me what is this wiring being done for
?  What is this wire made of?
What is this wire made of?  What is this wire made of
?  So this was a very unprofessional question on his part.
I said you are a forensic officer.
You should have knowledge.  So
what can I say about the burnt wire, which wire is
going to what.  Then I said I have
office at 2:00.  I have to go to the office.  So you
hurry up.  He came at 10:00.  He
said no,
you cannot go to the office until this investigation is completed.  So
I had to sacrifice my work for his work
and he kept me sitting till 4:00.   The
investigation officer first
checked the Google location of my mobile.
Last two to three days.  They
checked my entire mobile records.  Whom all have I
called?
Who did I call when the fire started?  When did I call 100?  I
checked all the phones of my family members to see when and where they had gone.
He checked the entire Google activity and I discussed with him
that yes, this is their
procedure.  Let them follow.  But the way
he troubled me.  I said I have to go to the
office.  I am getting late.  So he
said no, you cannot go until this
investigation is completed.  He was trying to
find something that he could
forcefully use to
cancel the claim.  At last
he got nothing.  Then suddenly I saw
that rats had cut some wires.  Let me
show you.  You can tell that
rats have created a lot of terror in the car.  Rats have
bitten a lot of wiring.  If
you look here now, you will
see some traces.
So he said that rats have
cut many wires here.  What are these wires going to?
I don't know what these are made of.
You can see that all the wires are company fitted.
I have not installed any separate wire here.
So he asked what the wires were
going to.  I am not sure what the wires are made of.
Then he told me that
he doesn't see any issue with this.
The bigger issue seems to be
that the rat bite caused a spark in your car
and that caused your car to catch fire.
So he said, I will prepare a report
and send it forward.  So I
said okay.  Apart from that, he made me
write a complete return statement detailing what had happened and when.
I wrote down the entire incident for
him that at this time
I was starting the car.  At this time the car is
almost on fire.  we are told.  Then
they called the witness who first
saw the fire in the car.
A recorded statement was taken from him.  My
entire record statement was taken.  He
took the complete return statement from me and left.
Then I kept calling our claims manager
regularly to ask what the status was.
He said it will take 5 to 10 days.
I called after 5 to 10 days.
Then he said there
is no status yet.  So after about 20 to 25 days
I called him back.  So he said
your claim has been cancelled.  It has been rejected.
I said the reason for this is that you have
installed some after market accessories.
Tell me what accessories I have installed.  And whatever accessories you think are there,
what is their relation with fire?  So he said,
I don't know which accessories it is.  Main, I wo
n't tell you unless you tell me because it has a
music system, stereo, and speakers.
Everything is company fitted.  You can check it
or take it to Skoda and get it checked there.
So he said, I don't know that.
If you have a big issue then you can file a
case against the company.  So, this
is a poor service of ICICI Lombard, who make
big promises, their
investigation officer himself told me
that the reason for the fire in your car is the
red bite, the wires were cut by rats.   This caused a
short circuit and the car
caught fire.  He said I will put this in the report.
And what they say further is
that the claim request for your vehicle has been
rejected.  Reason: Have you
installed after market accessories?
I asked what have you got installed?  He does
n't have the answer to that.  His simple answer is
that you file a case in the court and you will find out.
So this is such a poor service, so if
you or any of your family members or friends have
insurance from ICICI LBD or are
thinking of getting it done, then
definitely share this video with them and
save them from any fraud and right now I am going to file a
case against ICICI Lo LBA in the court for this.
I will also upload a video of
what the procedure was, what documents
were required, what formalities
I had to complete and what was the end result.
So thanks for being in Guys Video.  If
you
like the video then please like and comment.
Share this video with your friends
and subscribe to our channel Explore With Us.
So see you
in the next video.  Thanks till then.